well howdy there I don't know people its
Bo again so I guess we got to talk about
that cardi B thing cuz that's crazy
that is crazy guess she kind of admitted
that when she was younger didn't have a
lot of options or whatever she enticed
him in to come back with her because
they were gonna pay her for sex and then
she drugged him and robbed him and
that's not didn't see that coming
you know it's an she was such a
wholesome role model you know we none of
us knew that she had had a life like
that when she was younger and we expect
people to be flawless but see the thing
about this is I've got some questions I
don't really want to justify her doing
this I've got some questions for the
victims cuz something didn't add enough
to me not adding up to me at all so I
want to start off with why were you
there that's not a respectable place for
a respectable person what were you even
doing there flashing money around a
former gang member man what do you think
was gonna happen go home alone with them
kind of asking for this if you want to
be honest kind of had this one coming um
why did you wait so long to report it
I'm in let's be honest I mean now she's
rich and powerful you're just trying to
ruin this woman's life I don't know I'm
not buying it then the other thing I
just I don't get I don't really
understand it at all is uh she's a
pretty girl you're telling me that she
had to drug you you gotta be kidding me
man I don't believe that no jury's gonna
believe that you got a credibility
problem brother I don't see anybody
believing it at all
one last question - you have a history
of drinking until you pass out and
blackout don't know what happened if we
talk to your friends and we will just to
conduct a thorough investigation are
they gonna tell us stories about when
you did that this is really a regret
case not a robbery case what were you
wearing
guys please stop comparing this to the
Bill Cosby case you may not get the
subtext of the message that you're
sending with that comparison but trust
me the women in your life do their
property they're not people in one case
somebody was drugged and robbed in the
other case somebody was drugged and
raped to compare the two and act as if
there's some kind of moral equivalent
while that means that women are things
something you take something you steal
they're not people that are assaulted or
violated that comparison probably needs
to stop
not just is it ridiculous it's probably
damaging relationships in your real life
women around you they're singing this
and they're like wow didn't know he
thought like that they may not even be
doing it consciously but believe me that
connection is being made to things
aren't the same
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day